//Pastel Dev

seriko.use_self_alpha, 10
sakura.seriko.alignmenttodesktop,bottom
sakura.menu,hidden

charset,UTF-8
type,shell
name,M-z
craftman,Zdzisiu
homeurl,https://zdzisiu.github.io/Ukagaka/shells/M-z/

sakura.balloon.offsetx,0
sakura.balloon.offsety,0
kero.balloon.offsetx,0
kero.balloon.offsety,0
sakura.balloon.alignment,none
kero.balloon.alignment,none

shiori.logo.filename,resources\niseshiori.png
shiori.logo.x,16
shiori.logo.y,256

menu.background.font.color.r,255
menu.background.font.color.g,255
menu.background.font.color.b,255

menu.foreground.font.color.r,180
menu.foreground.font.color.g,180
menu.foreground.font.color.b,180

menu.disable.font.color.r,222
menu.disable.font.color.g,222
menu.disable.font.color.b,222

menu.separator.color.r,240
menu.separator.color.g,240
menu.separator.color.b,240

menu.background.alignment,righttop
menu.foreground.alignment,righttop
menu.sidebar.alignment,bottom

menu.background.bitmap.filename,menu_background.png
menu.foreground.bitmap.filename,menu_foreground.png
menu.sidebar.bitmap.filename,menu_sidebar.png

//p = plain || d = dark || pl = pastel || b = bright

sakura.bindgroup0.name,skin,light #1
sakura.bindgroup6.name,skin,light #2
sakura.bindgroup8.name,skin,light #3
sakura.bindgroup11.name,skin,dark on light
sakura.bindgroup2.name,skin,white
sakura.bindgroup1.name,skin,dark #1
sakura.bindgroup14.name,skin,dark #2
sakura.bindgroup15.name,skin,dark #3
sakura.bindgroup16.name,skin,dark #4
sakura.bindgroup17.name,skin,dark #5
sakura.bindgroup10.name,skin,light on dark
sakura.bindgroup13.name,skin,black
sakura.bindgroup3.name,skin,light green
sakura.bindgroup4.name,skin,light blue
sakura.bindgroup5.name,skin,light orange
sakura.bindgroup7.name,skin,pink
sakura.bindgroup9.name,skin,purple
sakura.bindgroup12.name,skin,fish
sakura.bindgroup19.name,skin,flower
sakura.bindgroup20.name,skin,doll
sakura.bindgroup18.name,skin,crystal


sakura.bindgroup300.name,monitor,p yellow
sakura.bindgroup301.name,monitor,p orange
sakura.bindgroup302.name,monitor,p red
sakura.bindgroup303.name,monitor,p pink
sakura.bindgroup304.name,monitor,p purple
sakura.bindgroup305.name,monitor,p dark blue
sakura.bindgroup306.name,monitor,p blue
sakura.bindgroup307.name,monitor,p green
sakura.bindgroup308.name,monitor,p black
sakura.bindgroup309.name,monitor,p gray
sakura.bindgroup310.name,monitor,p white
sakura.bindgroup311.name,monitor,pl yellow
sakura.bindgroup312.name,monitor,pl orange
sakura.bindgroup313.name,monitor,pl red
sakura.bindgroup314.name,monitor,pl pink
sakura.bindgroup315.name,monitor,pl purple
sakura.bindgroup316.name,monitor,pl dark blue
sakura.bindgroup317.name,monitor,pl blue
sakura.bindgroup318.name,monitor,pl green
sakura.bindgroup319.name,monitor,d yellow
sakura.bindgroup320.name,monitor,d orange
sakura.bindgroup321.name,monitor,d red
sakura.bindgroup322.name,monitor,d pink
sakura.bindgroup323.name,monitor,d purple
sakura.bindgroup324.name,monitor,d dark blue
sakura.bindgroup325.name,monitor,d blue
sakura.bindgroup326.name,monitor,d green
sakura.bindgroup327.name,monitor,b yellow
sakura.bindgroup328.name,monitor,b orange
sakura.bindgroup329.name,monitor,b red
sakura.bindgroup330.name,monitor,b pink
sakura.bindgroup331.name,monitor,b purple
sakura.bindgroup332.name,monitor,b dark blue
sakura.bindgroup333.name,monitor,b blue
sakura.bindgroup334.name,monitor,b green

sakura.bindgroup350.name,screen,p yellow
sakura.bindgroup351.name,screen,p orange
sakura.bindgroup352.name,screen,p red
sakura.bindgroup353.name,screen,p pink
sakura.bindgroup354.name,screen,p purple
sakura.bindgroup355.name,screen,p dark blue
sakura.bindgroup356.name,screen,p blue
sakura.bindgroup357.name,screen,p green
sakura.bindgroup358.name,screen,p black
sakura.bindgroup359.name,screen,p gray
sakura.bindgroup360.name,screen,p white
sakura.bindgroup361.name,screen,pl yellow
sakura.bindgroup362.name,screen,pl orange
sakura.bindgroup363.name,screen,pl red
sakura.bindgroup364.name,screen,pl pink
sakura.bindgroup365.name,screen,pl purple
sakura.bindgroup366.name,screen,pl dark blue
sakura.bindgroup367.name,screen,pl blue
sakura.bindgroup368.name,screen,pl green
sakura.bindgroup369.name,screen,d yellow
sakura.bindgroup370.name,screen,d orange
sakura.bindgroup371.name,screen,d red
sakura.bindgroup372.name,screen,d pink
sakura.bindgroup373.name,screen,d purple
sakura.bindgroup374.name,screen,d dark blue
sakura.bindgroup375.name,screen,d blue
sakura.bindgroup376.name,screen,d green
sakura.bindgroup377.name,screen,b yellow
sakura.bindgroup378.name,screen,b orange
sakura.bindgroup379.name,screen,b red
sakura.bindgroup380.name,screen,b pink
sakura.bindgroup381.name,screen,b purple
sakura.bindgroup382.name,screen,b dark blue
sakura.bindgroup383.name,screen,b blue
sakura.bindgroup384.name,screen,b green

//expr | 1 = x 
sakura.bindgroup1800.name,expr,p1 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1801.name,expr,p1 orange
sakura.bindgroup1802.name,expr,p1 red
sakura.bindgroup1803.name,expr,p1 pink
sakura.bindgroup1804.name,expr,p1 purple
sakura.bindgroup1805.name,expr,p1 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1806.name,expr,p1 blue
sakura.bindgroup1807.name,expr,p1 green
sakura.bindgroup1808.name,expr,p1 black
sakura.bindgroup1809.name,expr,p1 gray
sakura.bindgroup1810.name,expr,p1 white
sakura.bindgroup1811.name,expr,pl1 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1812.name,expr,pl1 orange
sakura.bindgroup1813.name,expr,pl1 red
sakura.bindgroup1814.name,expr,pl1 pink
sakura.bindgroup1815.name,expr,pl1 purple
sakura.bindgroup1816.name,expr,pl1 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1817.name,expr,pl1 blue
sakura.bindgroup1818.name,expr,pl1 green
sakura.bindgroup1819.name,expr,d1 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1820.name,expr,d1 orange
sakura.bindgroup1821.name,expr,d1 red
sakura.bindgroup1822.name,expr,d1 pink
sakura.bindgroup1823.name,expr,d1 purple
sakura.bindgroup1824.name,expr,d1 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1825.name,expr,d1 blue
sakura.bindgroup1826.name,expr,d1 green
sakura.bindgroup1827.name,expr,b1 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1828.name,expr,b1 orange
sakura.bindgroup1829.name,expr,b1 red
sakura.bindgroup1830.name,expr,b1 pink
sakura.bindgroup1831.name,expr,b1 purple
sakura.bindgroup1832.name,expr,b1 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1833.name,expr,b1 blue
sakura.bindgroup1834.name,expr,b1 green
//2 = x x 
sakura.bindgroup1600.name,expr,p2 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1601.name,expr,p2 orange
sakura.bindgroup1602.name,expr,p2 red
sakura.bindgroup1603.name,expr,p2 pink
sakura.bindgroup1604.name,expr,p2 purple
sakura.bindgroup1605.name,expr,p2 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1606.name,expr,p2 blue
sakura.bindgroup1607.name,expr,p2 green
sakura.bindgroup1608.name,expr,p2 black
sakura.bindgroup1609.name,expr,p2 gray
sakura.bindgroup1610.name,expr,p2 white
sakura.bindgroup1611.name,expr,pl2 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1612.name,expr,pl2 orange
sakura.bindgroup1613.name,expr,pl2 red
sakura.bindgroup1614.name,expr,pl2 pink
sakura.bindgroup1615.name,expr,pl2 purple
sakura.bindgroup1616.name,expr,pl2 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1617.name,expr,pl2 blue
sakura.bindgroup1618.name,expr,pl2 green
sakura.bindgroup1619.name,expr,d2 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1620.name,expr,d2 orange
sakura.bindgroup1621.name,expr,d2 red
sakura.bindgroup1622.name,expr,d2 pink
sakura.bindgroup1623.name,expr,d2 purple
sakura.bindgroup1624.name,expr,d2 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1625.name,expr,d2 blue
sakura.bindgroup1626.name,expr,d2 green
sakura.bindgroup1627.name,expr,b2 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1628.name,expr,b2 orange
sakura.bindgroup1629.name,expr,b2 red
sakura.bindgroup1630.name,expr,b2 pink
sakura.bindgroup1631.name,expr,b2 purple
sakura.bindgroup1632.name,expr,b2 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1633.name,expr,b2 blue
sakura.bindgroup1634.name,expr,b2 green
//3 = o o 
sakura.bindgroup1650.name,expr,p3 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1651.name,expr,p3 orange
sakura.bindgroup1652.name,expr,p3 red
sakura.bindgroup1653.name,expr,p3 pink
sakura.bindgroup1654.name,expr,p3 purple
sakura.bindgroup1655.name,expr,p3 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1656.name,expr,p3 blue
sakura.bindgroup1657.name,expr,p3 green
sakura.bindgroup1658.name,expr,p3 black
sakura.bindgroup1659.name,expr,p3 gray
sakura.bindgroup1660.name,expr,p3 white
sakura.bindgroup1661.name,expr,pl3 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1662.name,expr,pl3 orange
sakura.bindgroup1663.name,expr,pl3 red
sakura.bindgroup1664.name,expr,pl3 pink
sakura.bindgroup1665.name,expr,pl3 purple
sakura.bindgroup1666.name,expr,pl3 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1667.name,expr,pl3 blue
sakura.bindgroup1668.name,expr,pl3 green
sakura.bindgroup1669.name,expr,d3 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1670.name,expr,d3 orange
sakura.bindgroup1671.name,expr,d3 red
sakura.bindgroup1672.name,expr,d3 pink
sakura.bindgroup1673.name,expr,d3 purple
sakura.bindgroup1674.name,expr,d3 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1675.name,expr,d3 blue
sakura.bindgroup1676.name,expr,d3 green
sakura.bindgroup1677.name,expr,b3 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1678.name,expr,b3 orange
sakura.bindgroup1679.name,expr,b3 red
sakura.bindgroup1680.name,expr,b3 pink
sakura.bindgroup1681.name,expr,b3 purple
sakura.bindgroup1682.name,expr,b3 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1683.name,expr,b3 blue
sakura.bindgroup1684.name,expr,b3 green

//4 = uwu
sakura.bindgroup1700.name,expr,p4 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1701.name,expr,p4 orange
sakura.bindgroup1702.name,expr,p4 red
sakura.bindgroup1703.name,expr,p4 pink
sakura.bindgroup1704.name,expr,p4 purple
sakura.bindgroup1705.name,expr,p4 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1706.name,expr,p4 blue
sakura.bindgroup1707.name,expr,p4 green
sakura.bindgroup1708.name,expr,p4 black
sakura.bindgroup1709.name,expr,p4 gray
sakura.bindgroup1710.name,expr,p4 white
sakura.bindgroup1711.name,expr,pl4 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1712.name,expr,pl4 orange
sakura.bindgroup1713.name,expr,pl4 red
sakura.bindgroup1714.name,expr,pl4 pink
sakura.bindgroup1715.name,expr,pl4 purple
sakura.bindgroup1716.name,expr,pl4 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1717.name,expr,pl4 blue
sakura.bindgroup1718.name,expr,pl4 green
sakura.bindgroup1719.name,expr,d4 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1720.name,expr,d4 orange
sakura.bindgroup1721.name,expr,d4 red
sakura.bindgroup1722.name,expr,d4 pink
sakura.bindgroup1723.name,expr,d4 purple
sakura.bindgroup1724.name,expr,d4 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1725.name,expr,d4 blue
sakura.bindgroup1726.name,expr,d4 green
sakura.bindgroup1727.name,expr,b4 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1728.name,expr,b4 orange
sakura.bindgroup1729.name,expr,b4 red
sakura.bindgroup1730.name,expr,b4 pink
sakura.bindgroup1731.name,expr,b4 purple
sakura.bindgroup1732.name,expr,b4 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1733.name,expr,b4 blue
sakura.bindgroup1734.name,expr,b4 green
//5 = owo
sakura.bindgroup1750.name,expr,p5 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1751.name,expr,p5 orange
sakura.bindgroup1752.name,expr,p5 red
sakura.bindgroup1753.name,expr,p5 pink
sakura.bindgroup1754.name,expr,p5 purple
sakura.bindgroup1755.name,expr,p5 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1756.name,expr,p5 blue
sakura.bindgroup1757.name,expr,p5 green
sakura.bindgroup1758.name,expr,p5 black
sakura.bindgroup1759.name,expr,p5 gray
sakura.bindgroup1760.name,expr,p5 white
sakura.bindgroup1761.name,expr,pl5 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1762.name,expr,pl5 orange
sakura.bindgroup1763.name,expr,pl5 red
sakura.bindgroup1764.name,expr,pl5 pink
sakura.bindgroup1765.name,expr,pl5 purple
sakura.bindgroup1766.name,expr,pl5 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1767.name,expr,pl5 blue
sakura.bindgroup1768.name,expr,pl5 green
sakura.bindgroup1769.name,expr,d5 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1770.name,expr,d5 orange
sakura.bindgroup1771.name,expr,d5 red
sakura.bindgroup1772.name,expr,d5 pink
sakura.bindgroup1773.name,expr,d5 purple
sakura.bindgroup1774.name,expr,d5 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1775.name,expr,d5 blue
sakura.bindgroup1776.name,expr,d5 green
sakura.bindgroup1777.name,expr,b5 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1778.name,expr,b5 orange
sakura.bindgroup1779.name,expr,b5 red
sakura.bindgroup1780.name,expr,b5 pink
sakura.bindgroup1781.name,expr,b5 purple
sakura.bindgroup1782.name,expr,b5 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1783.name,expr,b5 blue
sakura.bindgroup1784.name,expr,b5 green

sakura.bindgroup50.name,shoes,p yellow
sakura.bindgroup51.name,shoes,p orange
sakura.bindgroup52.name,shoes,p red
sakura.bindgroup53.name,shoes,p pink
sakura.bindgroup54.name,shoes,p purple
sakura.bindgroup55.name,shoes,p dark blue
sakura.bindgroup56.name,shoes,p blue
sakura.bindgroup57.name,shoes,p green
sakura.bindgroup58.name,shoes,p black
sakura.bindgroup59.name,shoes,p gray
sakura.bindgroup60.name,shoes,p white
sakura.bindgroup61.name,shoes,pl yellow
sakura.bindgroup62.name,shoes,pl orange
sakura.bindgroup63.name,shoes,pl red
sakura.bindgroup64.name,shoes,pl pink
sakura.bindgroup65.name,shoes,pl purple
sakura.bindgroup66.name,shoes,pl dark blue
sakura.bindgroup67.name,shoes,pl blue
sakura.bindgroup68.name,shoes,pl green
sakura.bindgroup69.name,shoes,d yellow
sakura.bindgroup70.name,shoes,d orange
sakura.bindgroup71.name,shoes,d red
sakura.bindgroup72.name,shoes,d pink
sakura.bindgroup73.name,shoes,d purple
sakura.bindgroup74.name,shoes,d dark blue
sakura.bindgroup75.name,shoes,d blue
sakura.bindgroup76.name,shoes,d green
sakura.bindgroup77.name,shoes,b yellow
sakura.bindgroup78.name,shoes,b orange
sakura.bindgroup79.name,shoes,b red
sakura.bindgroup80.name,shoes,b pink
sakura.bindgroup81.name,shoes,b purple
sakura.bindgroup82.name,shoes,b dark blue
sakura.bindgroup83.name,shoes,b blue
sakura.bindgroup84.name,shoes,b green

sakura.bindgroup100.name,pants,p1 yellow
sakura.bindgroup101.name,pants,p1 orange
sakura.bindgroup102.name,pants,p1 red
sakura.bindgroup103.name,pants,p1 pink
sakura.bindgroup104.name,pants,p1 purple
sakura.bindgroup105.name,pants,p1 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup106.name,pants,p1 blue
sakura.bindgroup107.name,pants,p1 green
sakura.bindgroup108.name,pants,p1 black
sakura.bindgroup109.name,pants,p1 gray
sakura.bindgroup110.name,pants,p1 white
sakura.bindgroup111.name,pants,pl1 yellow
sakura.bindgroup112.name,pants,pl1 orange
sakura.bindgroup113.name,pants,pl1 red
sakura.bindgroup114.name,pants,pl1 pink
sakura.bindgroup115.name,pants,pl1 purple
sakura.bindgroup116.name,pants,pl1 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup117.name,pants,pl1 blue
sakura.bindgroup118.name,pants,pl1 green
sakura.bindgroup119.name,pants,d1 yellow
sakura.bindgroup120.name,pants,d1 orange
sakura.bindgroup121.name,pants,d1 red
sakura.bindgroup122.name,pants,d1 pink
sakura.bindgroup123.name,pants,d1 purple
sakura.bindgroup124.name,pants,d1 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup125.name,pants,d1 blue
sakura.bindgroup126.name,pants,d1 green
sakura.bindgroup127.name,pants,b1 yellow
sakura.bindgroup128.name,pants,b1 orange
sakura.bindgroup129.name,pants,b1 red
sakura.bindgroup130.name,pants,b1 pink
sakura.bindgroup131.name,pants,b1 purple
sakura.bindgroup132.name,pants,b1 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup133.name,pants,b1 blue
sakura.bindgroup134.name,pants,b1 green

sakura.bindgroup110.default,1

sakura.bindgroup200.name,pants,p2 yellow
sakura.bindgroup201.name,pants,p2 orange
sakura.bindgroup202.name,pants,p2 red
sakura.bindgroup203.name,pants,p2 pink
sakura.bindgroup204.name,pants,p2 purple
sakura.bindgroup205.name,pants,p2 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup206.name,pants,p2 blue
sakura.bindgroup207.name,pants,p2 green
sakura.bindgroup208.name,pants,p2 black
sakura.bindgroup209.name,pants,p2 gray
sakura.bindgroup210.name,pants,p2 white
sakura.bindgroup211.name,pants,pl2 yellow
sakura.bindgroup212.name,pants,pl2 orange
sakura.bindgroup213.name,pants,pl2 red
sakura.bindgroup214.name,pants,pl2 pink
sakura.bindgroup215.name,pants,pl2 purple
sakura.bindgroup216.name,pants,pl2 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup217.name,pants,pl2 blue
sakura.bindgroup218.name,pants,pl2 green
sakura.bindgroup219.name,pants,d2 yellow
sakura.bindgroup220.name,pants,d2 orange
sakura.bindgroup221.name,pants,d2 red
sakura.bindgroup222.name,pants,d2 pink
sakura.bindgroup223.name,pants,d2 purple
sakura.bindgroup224.name,pants,d2 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup225.name,pants,d2 blue
sakura.bindgroup226.name,pants,d2 green
sakura.bindgroup227.name,pants,b2 yellow
sakura.bindgroup228.name,pants,b2 orange
sakura.bindgroup229.name,pants,b2 red
sakura.bindgroup230.name,pants,b2 pink
sakura.bindgroup231.name,pants,b2 purple
sakura.bindgroup232.name,pants,b2 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup233.name,pants,b2 blue
sakura.bindgroup234.name,pants,b2 green

//plain
sakura.bindgroup500.name,shirt,p1 yellow
sakura.bindgroup501.name,shirt,p1 orange
sakura.bindgroup502.name,shirt,p1 red
sakura.bindgroup503.name,shirt,p1 pink
sakura.bindgroup504.name,shirt,p1 purple
sakura.bindgroup505.name,shirt,p1 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup506.name,shirt,p1 blue
sakura.bindgroup507.name,shirt,p1 green
sakura.bindgroup508.name,shirt,p1 black
sakura.bindgroup509.name,shirt,p1 gray
sakura.bindgroup510.name,shirt,p1 white
sakura.bindgroup511.name,shirt,pl1 yellow
sakura.bindgroup512.name,shirt,pl1 orange
sakura.bindgroup513.name,shirt,pl1 red
sakura.bindgroup514.name,shirt,pl1 pink
sakura.bindgroup515.name,shirt,pl1 purple
sakura.bindgroup516.name,shirt,pl1 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup517.name,shirt,pl1 blue
sakura.bindgroup518.name,shirt,pl1 green
sakura.bindgroup519.name,shirt,d1 yellow
sakura.bindgroup520.name,shirt,d1 orange
sakura.bindgroup521.name,shirt,d1 red
sakura.bindgroup522.name,shirt,d1 pink
sakura.bindgroup523.name,shirt,d1 purple
sakura.bindgroup524.name,shirt,d1 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup525.name,shirt,d1 blue
sakura.bindgroup526.name,shirt,d1 green
sakura.bindgroup527.name,shirt,b1 yellow
sakura.bindgroup528.name,shirt,b1 orange
sakura.bindgroup529.name,shirt,b1 red
sakura.bindgroup530.name,shirt,b1 pink
sakura.bindgroup531.name,shirt,b1 purple
sakura.bindgroup532.name,shirt,b1 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup533.name,shirt,b1 blue
sakura.bindgroup534.name,shirt,b1 green

sakura.bindgroup510.default,1

sakura.bindgroup600.name,shirt,p2 yellow
sakura.bindgroup601.name,shirt,p2 orange
sakura.bindgroup602.name,shirt,p2 red
sakura.bindgroup603.name,shirt,p2 pink
sakura.bindgroup604.name,shirt,p2 purple
sakura.bindgroup605.name,shirt,p2 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup606.name,shirt,p2 blue
sakura.bindgroup607.name,shirt,p2 green
sakura.bindgroup608.name,shirt,p2 black
sakura.bindgroup609.name,shirt,p2 gray
sakura.bindgroup610.name,shirt,p2 white
sakura.bindgroup611.name,shirt,pl2 yellow
sakura.bindgroup612.name,shirt,pl2 orange
sakura.bindgroup613.name,shirt,pl2 red
sakura.bindgroup614.name,shirt,pl2 pink
sakura.bindgroup615.name,shirt,pl2 purple
sakura.bindgroup616.name,shirt,pl2 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup617.name,shirt,pl2 blue
sakura.bindgroup618.name,shirt,pl2 green
sakura.bindgroup619.name,shirt,d2 yellow
sakura.bindgroup620.name,shirt,d2 orange
sakura.bindgroup621.name,shirt,d2 red
sakura.bindgroup622.name,shirt,d2 pink
sakura.bindgroup623.name,shirt,d2 purple
sakura.bindgroup624.name,shirt,d2 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup625.name,shirt,d2 blue
sakura.bindgroup626.name,shirt,d2 green
sakura.bindgroup627.name,shirt,b2 yellow
sakura.bindgroup628.name,shirt,b2 orange
sakura.bindgroup629.name,shirt,b2 red
sakura.bindgroup630.name,shirt,b2 pink
sakura.bindgroup631.name,shirt,b2 purple
sakura.bindgroup632.name,shirt,b2 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup633.name,shirt,b2 blue
sakura.bindgroup634.name,shirt,b2 green

sakura.bindgroup700.name,shirt,p3 yellow
sakura.bindgroup701.name,shirt,p3 orange
sakura.bindgroup702.name,shirt,p3 red
sakura.bindgroup703.name,shirt,p3 pink
sakura.bindgroup704.name,shirt,p3 purple
sakura.bindgroup705.name,shirt,p3 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup706.name,shirt,p3 blue
sakura.bindgroup707.name,shirt,p3 green
sakura.bindgroup708.name,shirt,p3 black
sakura.bindgroup709.name,shirt,p3 gray
sakura.bindgroup710.name,shirt,p3 white
sakura.bindgroup711.name,shirt,pl3 yellow
sakura.bindgroup712.name,shirt,pl3 orange
sakura.bindgroup713.name,shirt,pl3 red
sakura.bindgroup714.name,shirt,pl3 pink
sakura.bindgroup715.name,shirt,pl3 purple
sakura.bindgroup716.name,shirt,pl3 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup717.name,shirt,pl3 blue
sakura.bindgroup718.name,shirt,pl3 green
sakura.bindgroup719.name,shirt,d3 yellow
sakura.bindgroup720.name,shirt,d3 orange
sakura.bindgroup721.name,shirt,d3 red
sakura.bindgroup722.name,shirt,d3 pink
sakura.bindgroup723.name,shirt,d3 purple
sakura.bindgroup724.name,shirt,d3 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup725.name,shirt,d3 blue
sakura.bindgroup726.name,shirt,d3 green
sakura.bindgroup727.name,shirt,b3 yellow
sakura.bindgroup728.name,shirt,b3 orange
sakura.bindgroup729.name,shirt,b3 red
sakura.bindgroup730.name,shirt,b3 pink
sakura.bindgroup731.name,shirt,b3 purple
sakura.bindgroup732.name,shirt,b3 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup733.name,shirt,b3 blue
sakura.bindgroup734.name,shirt,b3 green

sakura.bindgroup800.name,shirt,p4 yellow
sakura.bindgroup801.name,shirt,p4 orange
sakura.bindgroup802.name,shirt,p4 red
sakura.bindgroup803.name,shirt,p4 pink
sakura.bindgroup804.name,shirt,p4 purple
sakura.bindgroup805.name,shirt,p4 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup806.name,shirt,p4 blue
sakura.bindgroup807.name,shirt,p4 green
sakura.bindgroup808.name,shirt,p4 black
sakura.bindgroup809.name,shirt,p4 gray
sakura.bindgroup810.name,shirt,p4 white
sakura.bindgroup811.name,shirt,pl4 yellow
sakura.bindgroup812.name,shirt,pl4 orange
sakura.bindgroup813.name,shirt,pl4 red
sakura.bindgroup814.name,shirt,pl4 pink
sakura.bindgroup815.name,shirt,pl4 purple
sakura.bindgroup816.name,shirt,pl4 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup817.name,shirt,pl4 blue
sakura.bindgroup818.name,shirt,pl4 green
sakura.bindgroup819.name,shirt,d4 yellow
sakura.bindgroup820.name,shirt,d4 orange
sakura.bindgroup821.name,shirt,d4 red
sakura.bindgroup822.name,shirt,d4 pink
sakura.bindgroup823.name,shirt,d4 purple
sakura.bindgroup824.name,shirt,d4 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup825.name,shirt,d4 blue
sakura.bindgroup826.name,shirt,d4 green
sakura.bindgroup827.name,shirt,b4 yellow
sakura.bindgroup828.name,shirt,b4 orange
sakura.bindgroup829.name,shirt,b4 red
sakura.bindgroup830.name,shirt,b4 pink
sakura.bindgroup831.name,shirt,b4 purple
sakura.bindgroup832.name,shirt,b4 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup833.name,shirt,b4 blue
sakura.bindgroup834.name,shirt,b4 green

sakura.bindgroup900.name,shirt,p5 yellow
sakura.bindgroup901.name,shirt,p5 orange
sakura.bindgroup902.name,shirt,p5 red
sakura.bindgroup903.name,shirt,p5 pink
sakura.bindgroup904.name,shirt,p5 purple
sakura.bindgroup905.name,shirt,p5 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup906.name,shirt,p5 blue
sakura.bindgroup907.name,shirt,p5 green
sakura.bindgroup908.name,shirt,p5 black
sakura.bindgroup909.name,shirt,p5 gray
sakura.bindgroup910.name,shirt,p5 white
sakura.bindgroup911.name,shirt,pl5 yellow
sakura.bindgroup912.name,shirt,pl5 orange
sakura.bindgroup913.name,shirt,pl5 red
sakura.bindgroup914.name,shirt,pl5 pink
sakura.bindgroup915.name,shirt,pl5 purple
sakura.bindgroup916.name,shirt,pl5 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup917.name,shirt,pl5 blue
sakura.bindgroup918.name,shirt,pl5 green
sakura.bindgroup919.name,shirt,d5 yellow
sakura.bindgroup920.name,shirt,d5 orange
sakura.bindgroup921.name,shirt,d5 red
sakura.bindgroup922.name,shirt,d5 pink
sakura.bindgroup923.name,shirt,d5 purple
sakura.bindgroup924.name,shirt,d5 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup925.name,shirt,d5 blue
sakura.bindgroup926.name,shirt,d5 green
sakura.bindgroup927.name,shirt,b5 yellow
sakura.bindgroup928.name,shirt,b5 orange
sakura.bindgroup929.name,shirt,b5 red
sakura.bindgroup930.name,shirt,b5 pink
sakura.bindgroup931.name,shirt,b5 purple
sakura.bindgroup932.name,shirt,b5 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup933.name,shirt,b5 blue
sakura.bindgroup934.name,shirt,b5 green

sakura.bindgroup1000.name,shirt,p6 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1001.name,shirt,p6 orange
sakura.bindgroup1002.name,shirt,p6 red
sakura.bindgroup1003.name,shirt,p6 pink
sakura.bindgroup1004.name,shirt,p6 purple
sakura.bindgroup1005.name,shirt,p6 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1006.name,shirt,p6 blue
sakura.bindgroup1007.name,shirt,p6 green
sakura.bindgroup1008.name,shirt,p6 black
sakura.bindgroup1009.name,shirt,p6 gray
sakura.bindgroup1010.name,shirt,p6 white
sakura.bindgroup1011.name,shirt,pl6 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1012.name,shirt,pl6 orange
sakura.bindgroup1013.name,shirt,pl6 red
sakura.bindgroup1014.name,shirt,pl6 pink
sakura.bindgroup1015.name,shirt,pl6 purple
sakura.bindgroup1016.name,shirt,pl6 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1017.name,shirt,pl6 blue
sakura.bindgroup1018.name,shirt,pl6 green
sakura.bindgroup1019.name,shirt,d6 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1020.name,shirt,d6 orange
sakura.bindgroup1021.name,shirt,d6 red
sakura.bindgroup1022.name,shirt,d6 pink
sakura.bindgroup1023.name,shirt,d6 purple
sakura.bindgroup1024.name,shirt,d6 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1025.name,shirt,d6 blue
sakura.bindgroup1026.name,shirt,d6 green
sakura.bindgroup1027.name,shirt,b6 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1028.name,shirt,b6 orange
sakura.bindgroup1029.name,shirt,b6 red
sakura.bindgroup1030.name,shirt,b6 pink
sakura.bindgroup1031.name,shirt,b6 purple
sakura.bindgroup1032.name,shirt,b6 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1033.name,shirt,b6 blue
sakura.bindgroup1034.name,shirt,b6 green

sakura.bindgroup1100.name,dress,p1 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1101.name,dress,p1 orange
sakura.bindgroup1102.name,dress,p1 red
sakura.bindgroup1103.name,dress,p1 pink
sakura.bindgroup1104.name,dress,p1 purple
sakura.bindgroup1105.name,dress,p1 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1106.name,dress,p1 blue
sakura.bindgroup1107.name,dress,p1 green
sakura.bindgroup1108.name,dress,p1 black
sakura.bindgroup1109.name,dress,p1 gray
sakura.bindgroup1110.name,dress,p1 white
sakura.bindgroup1111.name,dress,pl1 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1112.name,dress,pl1 orange
sakura.bindgroup1113.name,dress,pl1 red
sakura.bindgroup1114.name,dress,pl1 pink
sakura.bindgroup1115.name,dress,pl1 purple
sakura.bindgroup1116.name,dress,pl1 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1117.name,dress,pl1 blue
sakura.bindgroup1118.name,dress,pl1 green
sakura.bindgroup1119.name,dress,d1 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1120.name,dress,d1 orange
sakura.bindgroup1121.name,dress,d1 red
sakura.bindgroup1122.name,dress,d1 pink
sakura.bindgroup1123.name,dress,d1 purple
sakura.bindgroup1124.name,dress,d1 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1125.name,dress,d1 blue
sakura.bindgroup1126.name,dress,d1 green
sakura.bindgroup1127.name,dress,b1 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1128.name,dress,b1 orange
sakura.bindgroup1129.name,dress,b1 red
sakura.bindgroup1130.name,dress,b1 pink
sakura.bindgroup1131.name,dress,b1 purple
sakura.bindgroup1132.name,dress,b1 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1133.name,dress,b1 blue
sakura.bindgroup1134.name,dress,b1 green

sakura.bindgroup1200.name,dress,p2 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1201.name,dress,p2 orange
sakura.bindgroup1202.name,dress,p2 red
sakura.bindgroup1203.name,dress,p2 pink
sakura.bindgroup1204.name,dress,p2 purple
sakura.bindgroup1205.name,dress,p2 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1206.name,dress,p2 blue
sakura.bindgroup1207.name,dress,p2 green
sakura.bindgroup1208.name,dress,p2 black
sakura.bindgroup1209.name,dress,p2 gray
sakura.bindgroup1210.name,dress,p2 white
sakura.bindgroup1211.name,dress,pl2 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1212.name,dress,pl2 orange
sakura.bindgroup1213.name,dress,pl2 red
sakura.bindgroup1214.name,dress,pl2 pink
sakura.bindgroup1215.name,dress,pl2 purple
sakura.bindgroup1216.name,dress,pl2 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1217.name,dress,pl2 blue
sakura.bindgroup1218.name,dress,pl2 green
sakura.bindgroup1219.name,dress,d2 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1220.name,dress,d2 orange
sakura.bindgroup1221.name,dress,d2 red
sakura.bindgroup1222.name,dress,d2 pink
sakura.bindgroup1223.name,dress,d2 purple
sakura.bindgroup1224.name,dress,d2 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1225.name,dress,d2 blue
sakura.bindgroup1226.name,dress,d2 green
sakura.bindgroup1227.name,dress,b2 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1228.name,dress,b2 orange
sakura.bindgroup1229.name,dress,b2 red
sakura.bindgroup1230.name,dress,b2 pink
sakura.bindgroup1231.name,dress,b2 purple
sakura.bindgroup1232.name,dress,b2 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1233.name,dress,b2 blue
sakura.bindgroup1234.name,dress,b2 green

sakura.bindgroup1300.name,hoodie,p1 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1301.name,hoodie,p1 orange
sakura.bindgroup1302.name,hoodie,p1 red
sakura.bindgroup1303.name,hoodie,p1 pink
sakura.bindgroup1304.name,hoodie,p1 purple
sakura.bindgroup1305.name,hoodie,p1 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1306.name,hoodie,p1 blue
sakura.bindgroup1307.name,hoodie,p1 green
sakura.bindgroup1308.name,hoodie,p1 black
sakura.bindgroup1309.name,hoodie,p1 gray
sakura.bindgroup1310.name,hoodie,p1 white
sakura.bindgroup1311.name,hoodie,pl1 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1312.name,hoodie,pl1 orange
sakura.bindgroup1313.name,hoodie,pl1 red
sakura.bindgroup1314.name,hoodie,pl1 pink
sakura.bindgroup1315.name,hoodie,pl1 purple
sakura.bindgroup1316.name,hoodie,pl1 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1317.name,hoodie,pl1 blue
sakura.bindgroup1318.name,hoodie,pl1 green
sakura.bindgroup1319.name,hoodie,d1 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1320.name,hoodie,d1 orange
sakura.bindgroup1321.name,hoodie,d1 red
sakura.bindgroup1322.name,hoodie,d1 pink
sakura.bindgroup1323.name,hoodie,d1 purple
sakura.bindgroup1324.name,hoodie,d1 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1325.name,hoodie,d1 blue
sakura.bindgroup1326.name,hoodie,d1 green
sakura.bindgroup1327.name,hoodie,b1 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1328.name,hoodie,b1 orange
sakura.bindgroup1329.name,hoodie,b1 red
sakura.bindgroup1330.name,hoodie,b1 pink
sakura.bindgroup1331.name,hoodie,b1 purple
sakura.bindgroup1332.name,hoodie,b1 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1333.name,hoodie,b1 blue
sakura.bindgroup1334.name,hoodie,b1 green

sakura.bindgroup1400.name,hoodie,p2 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1401.name,hoodie,p2 orange
sakura.bindgroup1402.name,hoodie,p2 red
sakura.bindgroup1403.name,hoodie,p2 pink
sakura.bindgroup1404.name,hoodie,p2 purple
sakura.bindgroup1405.name,hoodie,p2 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1406.name,hoodie,p2 blue
sakura.bindgroup1407.name,hoodie,p2 green
sakura.bindgroup1408.name,hoodie,p2 black
sakura.bindgroup1409.name,hoodie,p2 gray
sakura.bindgroup1410.name,hoodie,p2 white
sakura.bindgroup1411.name,hoodie,pl2 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1412.name,hoodie,pl2 orange
sakura.bindgroup1413.name,hoodie,pl2 red
sakura.bindgroup1414.name,hoodie,pl2 pink
sakura.bindgroup1415.name,hoodie,pl2 purple
sakura.bindgroup1416.name,hoodie,pl2 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1417.name,hoodie,pl2 blue
sakura.bindgroup1418.name,hoodie,pl2 green
sakura.bindgroup1419.name,hoodie,d2 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1420.name,hoodie,d2 orange
sakura.bindgroup1421.name,hoodie,d2 red
sakura.bindgroup1422.name,hoodie,d2 pink
sakura.bindgroup1423.name,hoodie,d2 purple
sakura.bindgroup1424.name,hoodie,d2 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1425.name,hoodie,d2 blue
sakura.bindgroup1426.name,hoodie,d2 green
sakura.bindgroup1427.name,hoodie,b2 yellow
sakura.bindgroup1428.name,hoodie,b2 orange
sakura.bindgroup1429.name,hoodie,b2 red
sakura.bindgroup1430.name,hoodie,b2 pink
sakura.bindgroup1431.name,hoodie,b2 purple
sakura.bindgroup1432.name,hoodie,b2 dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1433.name,hoodie,b2 blue
sakura.bindgroup1434.name,hoodie,b2 green

sakura.bindgroup1500.name,sweater,p yellow
sakura.bindgroup1501.name,sweater,p orange
sakura.bindgroup1502.name,sweater,p red
sakura.bindgroup1503.name,sweater,p pink
sakura.bindgroup1504.name,sweater,p purple
sakura.bindgroup1505.name,sweater,p dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1506.name,sweater,p blue
sakura.bindgroup1507.name,sweater,p green
sakura.bindgroup1508.name,sweater,p black
sakura.bindgroup1509.name,sweater,p gray
sakura.bindgroup1510.name,sweater,p white
sakura.bindgroup1511.name,sweater,pl yellow
sakura.bindgroup1512.name,sweater,pl orange
sakura.bindgroup1513.name,sweater,pl red
sakura.bindgroup1514.name,sweater,pl pink
sakura.bindgroup1515.name,sweater,pl purple
sakura.bindgroup1516.name,sweater,pl dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1517.name,sweater,pl blue
sakura.bindgroup1518.name,sweater,pl green
sakura.bindgroup1519.name,sweater,d yellow
sakura.bindgroup1520.name,sweater,d orange
sakura.bindgroup1521.name,sweater,d red
sakura.bindgroup1522.name,sweater,d pink
sakura.bindgroup1523.name,sweater,d purple
sakura.bindgroup1524.name,sweater,d dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1525.name,sweater,d blue
sakura.bindgroup1526.name,sweater,d green
sakura.bindgroup1527.name,sweater,b yellow
sakura.bindgroup1528.name,sweater,b orange
sakura.bindgroup1529.name,sweater,b red
sakura.bindgroup1530.name,sweater,b pink
sakura.bindgroup1531.name,sweater,b purple
sakura.bindgroup1532.name,sweater,b dark blue
sakura.bindgroup1533.name,sweater,b blue
sakura.bindgroup1534.name,sweater,b green

sakura.bindgroup2000.name,outfit,s
sakura.bindgroup2001.name,outfit,stelluna
sakura.bindgroup2002.name,outfit,wilson
sakura.bindgroup2003.name,outfit,aurora
sakura.bindgroup2004.name,outfit,dusty
sakura.bindgroup2005.name,outfit,azura