//UTF-8 = english charset; Shift_JIS = japanese charset
charset,UTF-8	
//Always shell for a Ghost shell/skin	
type,shell	
//Shell name (shown in right click menu etc.)	
name,Biblically Accurate Angel	

//Author name
craftman,Zdzisiu
//Update website	
homeurl,https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Zdzisiu/Ukagaka/master/shells/angel/	


//Menu image locations
menu.background.bitmap.filename,sprites\menu_background.png	
menu.foreground.bitmap.filename,sprites\menu_foreground.png	
menu.sidebar.bitmap.filename,sprites\menu_sidebar.png		
//Font name and size
//menu.font.name,filename				
//menu.font.height,fontsize
//RBG values of menu color
menu.background.font.color.r,0				
menu.background.font.color.g,0
menu.background.font.color.b,0
//RBG values of menu color on hover
menu.foreground.font.color.r,255			
menu.foreground.font.color.g,255
menu.foreground.font.color.b,255
//RBG values of menu disabled color
menu.disable.font.color.r,222				
menu.disable.font.color.g,222
menu.disable.font.color.b,222
//RBG values of menu seperator color
menu.separator.color.r,0				
menu.separator.color.g,0
menu.separator.color.b,0		


//Sets desktop alignment. Movable/Unmovable
seriko.alignmenttodesktop,free	
//Uses transparent png instead of pna if 1
seriko.use_self_alpha,1		

//--------- Dressup options ---------------

//Hides dress up from menu
sakura.menu,hidden	

sakura.bindgroup70.default,1
sakura.bindgroup40.default,1
sakura.bindgroup10.default,1

sakura.bindgroup70.name,Bottom Wings,Old Rose
sakura.bindgroup71.name,Bottom Wings,Amaranth
sakura.bindgroup72.name,Bottom Wings,Crimson
sakura.bindgroup73.name,Bottom Wings,Brick
sakura.bindgroup74.name,Bottom Wings,Persimmon
sakura.bindgroup75.name,Bottom Wings,Coral
sakura.bindgroup76.name,Bottom Wings,Mango
sakura.bindgroup77.name,Bottom Wings,Fawn
sakura.bindgroup78.name,Bottom Wings,Mantis
sakura.bindgroup79.name,Bottom Wings,Moss
sakura.bindgroup80.name,Bottom Wings,Jade
sakura.bindgroup81.name,Bottom Wings,Verdigris
sakura.bindgroup82.name,Bottom Wings,Cerulean
sakura.bindgroup83.name,Bottom Wings,Iceberg
sakura.bindgroup84.name,Bottom Wings,Cosmic
sakura.bindgroup85.name,Bottom Wings,Yonder
sakura.bindgroup86.name,Bottom Wings,Baby Blue
sakura.bindgroup87.name,Bottom Wings,Quartz
sakura.bindgroup88.name,Bottom Wings,Thistle
sakura.bindgroup89.name,Bottom Wings,Lilac
sakura.bindgroup90.name,Bottom Wings,Jazzberry
sakura.bindgroup91.name,Bottom Wings,Orchid
sakura.bindgroup92.name,Bottom Wings,Wisteria
sakura.bindgroup93.name,Bottom Wings,Ochre
sakura.bindgroup94.name,Bottom Wings,Chestnut
sakura.bindgroup95.name,Bottom Wings,Tumbleweed
sakura.bindgroup96.name,Bottom Wings,Vanilla
sakura.bindgroup97.name,Bottom Wings,Glass
sakura.bindgroup98.name,Bottom Wings,Smoke
sakura.bindgroup99.name,Bottom Wings,Ink

sakura.bindgroup40.name,Top Wings,Old Rose
sakura.bindgroup41.name,Top Wings,Amaranth
sakura.bindgroup42.name,Top Wings,Crimson
sakura.bindgroup43.name,Top Wings,Brick
sakura.bindgroup44.name,Top Wings,Persimmon
sakura.bindgroup45.name,Top Wings,Coral
sakura.bindgroup46.name,Top Wings,Mango
sakura.bindgroup47.name,Top Wings,Fawn
sakura.bindgroup48.name,Top Wings,Mantis
sakura.bindgroup49.name,Top Wings,Moss
sakura.bindgroup50.name,Top Wings,Jade
sakura.bindgroup51.name,Top Wings,Verdigris
sakura.bindgroup52.name,Top Wings,Cerulean
sakura.bindgroup53.name,Top Wings,Iceberg
sakura.bindgroup54.name,Top Wings,Cosmic
sakura.bindgroup55.name,Top Wings,Yonder
sakura.bindgroup56.name,Top Wings,Baby Blue
sakura.bindgroup57.name,Top Wings,Quartz
sakura.bindgroup58.name,Top Wings,Thistle
sakura.bindgroup59.name,Top Wings,Lilac
sakura.bindgroup60.name,Top Wings,Jazzberry
sakura.bindgroup61.name,Top Wings,Orchid
sakura.bindgroup62.name,Top Wings,Wisteria
sakura.bindgroup63.name,Top Wings,Ochre
sakura.bindgroup64.name,Top Wings,Chestnut
sakura.bindgroup65.name,Top Wings,Tumbleweed
sakura.bindgroup66.name,Top Wings,Vanilla
sakura.bindgroup67.name,Top Wings,Glass
sakura.bindgroup68.name,Top Wings,Smoke
sakura.bindgroup69.name,Top Wings,Ink

sakura.bindgroup10.name,Middle Wings,Old Rose
sakura.bindgroup11.name,Middle Wings,Amaranth
sakura.bindgroup12.name,Middle Wings,Crimson
sakura.bindgroup13.name,Middle Wings,Brick
sakura.bindgroup14.name,Middle Wings,Persimmon
sakura.bindgroup15.name,Middle Wings,Coral
sakura.bindgroup16.name,Middle Wings,Mango
sakura.bindgroup17.name,Middle Wings,Fawn
sakura.bindgroup18.name,Middle Wings,Mantis
sakura.bindgroup19.name,Middle Wings,Moss
sakura.bindgroup20.name,Middle Wings,Jade
sakura.bindgroup21.name,Middle Wings,Verdigris
sakura.bindgroup22.name,Middle Wings,Cerulean
sakura.bindgroup23.name,Middle Wings,Iceberg
sakura.bindgroup24.name,Middle Wings,Cosmic
sakura.bindgroup25.name,Middle Wings,Yonder
sakura.bindgroup26.name,Middle Wings,Baby Blue
sakura.bindgroup27.name,Middle Wings,Quartz
sakura.bindgroup28.name,Middle Wings,Thistle
sakura.bindgroup29.name,Middle Wings,Lilac
sakura.bindgroup30.name,Middle Wings,Jazzberry
sakura.bindgroup31.name,Middle Wings,Orchid
sakura.bindgroup32.name,Middle Wings,Wisteria
sakura.bindgroup33.name,Middle Wings,Ochre
sakura.bindgroup34.name,Middle Wings,Chestnut
sakura.bindgroup35.name,Middle Wings,Tumbleweed
sakura.bindgroup36.name,Middle Wings,Vanilla
sakura.bindgroup37.name,Middle Wings,Glass
sakura.bindgroup38.name,Middle Wings,Smoke
sakura.bindgroup39.name,Middle Wings,Ink

sakura.bindgroup0.name,Other,Angry Eyebrows