seriko.alignmenttodesktop,free
seriko.use_self_alpha, 1

charset,UTF-8
type,shell
name,Plant
craftman,Zdzisiu
craftmanurl,-

sakura.balloon.offsetx,0
sakura.balloon.offsety,0
kero.balloon.offsetx,0
kero.balloon.offsety,0
sakura.balloon.alignment,none
kero.balloon.alignment,none

shiori.logo.filename,resources\niseshiori.png
shiori.logo.x,16
shiori.logo.y,256

menu.background.font.color.r,0
menu.background.font.color.g,0
menu.background.font.color.b,0

menu.foreground.font.color.r,255
menu.foreground.font.color.g,255
menu.foreground.font.color.b,255

menu.disable.font.color.r,222
menu.disable.font.color.g,222
menu.disable.font.color.b,222

menu.separator.color.r,240
menu.separator.color.g,240
menu.separator.color.b,240

menu.background.alignment,righttop
menu.foreground.alignment,righttop
menu.sidebar.alignment,bottom

menu.background.bitmap.filename,menu_background.png
menu.foreground.bitmap.filename,menu_foreground.png
menu.sidebar.bitmap.filename,menu_sidebar.png

//sakura.bindgroup0.name,plant,growth0
sakura.menu,auto

sakura.bindgroup0.name,pot,Brown
sakura.bindgroup1.name,pot,Bright Red
sakura.bindgroup2.name,pot,Mint
sakura.bindgroup3.name,pot,Blue
sakura.bindgroup4.name,pot,Pink
sakura.bindgroup5.name,pot,Purple
sakura.bindgroup6.name,pot,Dark Blue
sakura.bindgroup7.name,pot,Dark Red
sakura.bindgroup8.name,pot,Orange
sakura.bindgroup9.name,pot,Yellow
sakura.bindgroup10.name,pot,Green
sakura.bindgroup11.name,pot,Green #2
sakura.bindgroup12.name,pot,Green #3
sakura.bindgroup13.name,pot,White
sakura.bindgroup14.name,pot,Light Grey
sakura.bindgroup15.name,pot,Dark Grey
sakura.bindgroup16.name,pot,Black
sakura.bindgroup17.name,pot,Yellow #2
sakura.bindgroup18.name,pot,Pink #2
sakura.bindgroup19.name,pot,Rainbow
sakura.bindgroup20.name,pot,Fire
sakura.bindgroup21.name,pot,Sky
sakura.bindgroup22.name,pot,Violet and Black
sakura.bindgroup23.name,pot,Skeleton
sakura.bindgroup24.name,pot,Deep sea
sakura.bindgroup25.name,pot,Green #4
sakura.bindgroup26.name,pot,Black and White
sakura.bindgroup27.name,pot,Axvari
sakura.bindgroup28.name,pot,Doll
sakura.bindgroup29.name,pot,Rainbow Splater
sakura.bindgroup30.name,pot,Checker
sakura.bindgroup31.name,pot,Blood
sakura.bindgroup32.name,pot,Mountains
sakura.bindgroup33.name,pot,Butterflies

kero.bindgroup0.name,pot,Brown
kero.bindgroup1.name,pot,Bright Red
kero.bindgroup2.name,pot,Mint
kero.bindgroup3.name,pot,Blue
kero.bindgroup4.name,pot,Pink
kero.bindgroup5.name,pot,Purple
kero.bindgroup6.name,pot,Dark Blue
kero.bindgroup7.name,pot,Dark Red
kero.bindgroup8.name,pot,Orange
kero.bindgroup9.name,pot,Yellow
kero.bindgroup10.name,pot,Green
kero.bindgroup11.name,pot,Green #2
kero.bindgroup12.name,pot,Green #3
kero.bindgroup13.name,pot,White
kero.bindgroup14.name,pot,Light Grey
kero.bindgroup15.name,pot,Dark Grey
kero.bindgroup16.name,pot,Black
kero.bindgroup17.name,pot,Yellow #2
kero.bindgroup18.name,pot,Pink #2
kero.bindgroup19.name,pot,Rainbow
kero.bindgroup20.name,pot,Fire
kero.bindgroup21.name,pot,Sky
kero.bindgroup22.name,pot,Violet and Black
kero.bindgroup23.name,pot,Skeleton
kero.bindgroup24.name,pot,Deep sea
kero.bindgroup25.name,pot,Green #4
kero.bindgroup26.name,pot,Black and White
kero.bindgroup27.name,pot,Axvari
kero.bindgroup28.name,pot,Doll
kero.bindgroup29.name,pot,Rainbow Splater
kero.bindgroup30.name,pot,Checker
kero.bindgroup31.name,pot,Blood
kero.bindgroup32.name,pot,Mountains
kero.bindgroup33.name,pot,Butterflies

char2.bindgroup0.name,pot,Brown
char2.bindgroup1.name,pot,Bright Red
char2.bindgroup2.name,pot,Mint
char2.bindgroup3.name,pot,Blue
char2.bindgroup4.name,pot,Pink
char2.bindgroup5.name,pot,Purple
char2.bindgroup6.name,pot,Dark Blue
char2.bindgroup7.name,pot,Dark Red
char2.bindgroup8.name,pot,Orange
char2.bindgroup9.name,pot,Yellow
char2.bindgroup10.name,pot,Green
char2.bindgroup11.name,pot,Green #2
char2.bindgroup12.name,pot,Green #3
char2.bindgroup13.name,pot,White
char2.bindgroup14.name,pot,Light Grey
char2.bindgroup15.name,pot,Dark Grey
char2.bindgroup16.name,pot,Black
char2.bindgroup17.name,pot,Yellow #2
char2.bindgroup18.name,pot,Pink #2
char2.bindgroup19.name,pot,Rainbow
char2.bindgroup20.name,pot,Fire
char2.bindgroup21.name,pot,Sky
char2.bindgroup22.name,pot,Violet and Black
char2.bindgroup23.name,pot,Skeleton
char2.bindgroup24.name,pot,Deep sea
char2.bindgroup25.name,pot,Green #4
char2.bindgroup26.name,pot,Black and White
char2.bindgroup27.name,pot,Axvari
char2.bindgroup28.name,pot,Doll
char2.bindgroup29.name,pot,Rainbow Splater
char2.bindgroup30.name,pot,Checker
char2.bindgroup31.name,pot,Blood
char2.bindgroup32.name,pot,Mountains
char2.bindgroup33.name,pot,Butterflies

char3.bindgroup0.name,pot,Brown
char3.bindgroup1.name,pot,Bright Red
char3.bindgroup2.name,pot,Mint
char3.bindgroup3.name,pot,Blue
char3.bindgroup4.name,pot,Pink
char3.bindgroup5.name,pot,Purple
char3.bindgroup6.name,pot,Dark Blue
char3.bindgroup7.name,pot,Dark Red
char3.bindgroup8.name,pot,Orange
char3.bindgroup9.name,pot,Yellow
char3.bindgroup10.name,pot,Green
char3.bindgroup11.name,pot,Green #2
char3.bindgroup12.name,pot,Green #3
char3.bindgroup13.name,pot,White
char3.bindgroup14.name,pot,Light Grey
char3.bindgroup15.name,pot,Dark Grey
char3.bindgroup16.name,pot,Black
char3.bindgroup17.name,pot,Yellow #2
char3.bindgroup18.name,pot,Pink #2
char3.bindgroup19.name,pot,Rainbow
char3.bindgroup20.name,pot,Fire
char3.bindgroup21.name,pot,Sky
char3.bindgroup22.name,pot,Violet and Black
char3.bindgroup23.name,pot,Skeleton
char3.bindgroup24.name,pot,Deep sea
char3.bindgroup25.name,pot,Green #4
char3.bindgroup26.name,pot,Black and White
char3.bindgroup27.name,pot,Axvari
char3.bindgroup28.name,pot,Doll
char3.bindgroup29.name,pot,Rainbow Splater
char3.bindgroup30.name,pot,Checker
char3.bindgroup31.name,pot,Blood
char3.bindgroup32.name,pot,Mountains
char3.bindgroup33.name,pot,Butterflies

char4.bindgroup0.name,pot,Brown
char4.bindgroup1.name,pot,Bright Red
char4.bindgroup2.name,pot,Mint
char4.bindgroup3.name,pot,Blue
char4.bindgroup4.name,pot,Pink
char4.bindgroup5.name,pot,Purple
char4.bindgroup6.name,pot,Dark Blue
char4.bindgroup7.name,pot,Dark Red
char4.bindgroup8.name,pot,Orange
char4.bindgroup9.name,pot,Yellow
char4.bindgroup10.name,pot,Green
char4.bindgroup11.name,pot,Green #2
char4.bindgroup12.name,pot,Green #3
char4.bindgroup13.name,pot,White
char4.bindgroup14.name,pot,Light Grey
char4.bindgroup15.name,pot,Dark Grey
char4.bindgroup16.name,pot,Black
char4.bindgroup17.name,pot,Yellow #2
char4.bindgroup18.name,pot,Pink #2
char4.bindgroup19.name,pot,Rainbow
char4.bindgroup20.name,pot,Fire
char4.bindgroup21.name,pot,Sky
char4.bindgroup22.name,pot,Violet and Black
char4.bindgroup23.name,pot,Skeleton
char4.bindgroup24.name,pot,Deep sea
char4.bindgroup25.name,pot,Green #4
char4.bindgroup26.name,pot,Black and White
char4.bindgroup27.name,pot,Axvari
char4.bindgroup28.name,pot,Doll
char4.bindgroup29.name,pot,Rainbow Splater
char4.bindgroup30.name,pot,Checker
char4.bindgroup31.name,pot,Blood
char4.bindgroup32.name,pot,Mountains
char4.bindgroup33.name,pot,Butterflies
